Palestinian doctors in the crosshairs of
Israeli
snipers the Medics are risking their
lives to rescue the injured shot by
Israeli maxmen near Naser medical
complex in Kan
Yunis even inside the hospital compound
No One Is Safe from the
[Music]
bullets praise be to God I've managed to
save two injured people and recover a
martyr from the Mubarak gate of the
Nasser medical complex despite the heavy
gunfire inside the complex I did what I
did because the medical teams were not
able to reach
them across the Gaza Strip at least 21
Palestinians have been killed by Israeli
snipers since Thursday Israeli forces
are continuing their
bombardment this is what's left of alal
neighborhood it used to be one of gaza's
most prosperous areas its people are in
disbelief but feel fortunate to be alive
after two weeks of intense Israeli
shelling for 15 days we have been under
a Siege we spent those days in the
basement of the building when we left
the basement we were shocked because our
area is unrecognizable our area was the
best place not anymore now the Israelis
attacked four to five times every day
luckily we were in the basement all the
time as Israel SW goes on Palestinians
continue to pay with their lives Hamza
Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer